chairperson
I would like to be your dog
You are the deputy general manager of the company.
My name is Jie Hao
You were my first dog
From now on, you will be the general manager of Haicheng Branch
Hundred times the annual salary
I am now the chairperson of the trend
I will bite whoever you ask me to bite
HuaHuaHua
Qi, weren't you very arrogant just now?
Now your position as general manager
Ah, I don't want to be human
Prefer to be a dog
How much can I be your dog too?
Who are you?
My name is Ma and I am the CFO of the company
You are my second dog
Here is 10 million
Buy you a dog
How much will I be your lucky dog in the future?
What do you want me to do?
What should I do?
Let hahaha
The third dog?
The chairperson wants something different
It's different.
Mr. Nie
My daughter would like to be your little bitch